About the job
Notion is the collaborative AI workspace where teams and agents think together. We're building one place where your knowledge, projects, meetings, and AI tools live side by side, so work is faster, clearer, and less fragmented. Millions of individuals, small teams, and large companies run their work on Notion.

About The Role
Millions of people use Notion and this number is increasing every day. That means a million people trust us to deliver a fast, reliable, and secure experience, and we value this more than anything. This is where you come in. You will be a part of our first engineering internship class and will help us forge a performant and reliable path forward to Notion's future.

During your 12-week internship, you will be paired with a mentor that will help guide you as you work closely with our team to build and ship AI Native projects. This internship will take place from Sept 14 - Dec 4 and you will need to be able to work out of our SF office during this time.

What You'll Achieve
Write clean, secure, tested, and documented code.
Design & enhance the Notion product with new capabilities with an AI first mindset.
Develop, fix and debug software for across our full stack: web services, databases, applications, tools while leveraging modern frameworks and tooling.

Qualifications
Pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, engineering, or another related field. Must graduate before Summer 2027.
Previous internship experience.
Working towards a proficiency of one or more programming languages such as Typescript, Node.js, or Python.
You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering problems as much as solving them.
You are able to problem-solve and adapt to changing priorities in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

Skills You'll Need to Bring
AI enthusiast: You have built or prototyped features with AI technologies (LLMs, Embeddings, ML) and are interested in learning more.
Thoughtful problem-solving: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution, by yourself or with teammates. You're comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.
Put users first: You think critically about the implications of what you're building, and how it shapes real people's lives.
Not ideological about technology: To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs.
Empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time.
Team player: For you, work isn't a solo endeavor. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals.

Nice to Haves
You have expertise with specific technologies that are part of our stack, including Typescript, React, Python.
You've heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others.
You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.